Today, the leading brokerage firm Motilal Oswal has
selected a stock in its Sector of the Week which can change your fortunes.
This share belongs to the insurance sector giant
ICICI LBD.
Experts are very bullish on this stock considering the tremendous recovery in the motor insurance sector.   In
such a situation, let us know what is there
in this complete report of Motilal Oswal.
According to the report, there is a tremendous recovery in the demand for two wheelers, passengers, cars and
commercial vehicles.  The
demand for two wheelers has increased in rural areas.  And
in the cities, SUVs and new models are all the rage
[music].  Along with this, the recent
reduction in GST and the long festive season has
increased the registration of vehicles many times.  The more vehicles
are sold, the more the insurance
premium will increase.  Although the demand has increased, the
competition in the market is very tough.
Government and private insurance companies are offering
huge discounts and commissions to capture market share.  For
this reason, companies are
currently earning from selling more policies and
not from their higher prices.
Motilal Oswal believes that only those companies which
are experts in claim management and risk management will be able to survive in this race for a long time.
ICICI LBAD is India's largest
private motor insurance company with a
market share of 10.7%.  October and November
2025 are expected to see 10 to 12% annual
growth in demand.  The company's position is strong not only in motor
but also in health insurance and fire segment.
Currently, ICICI LBD shares are trading at around
₹1,953.
Motilal Oswal has
given a target price of ₹2300 for this.   That
means you can get a great return of up to 18% from the current price.
So if you
want to build a strong and stable portfolio
then you can keep an eye on ICICI LBA.